{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My name is Sara Daguio and one of my favorite hobbies is 5D diamond painting. I really enjoy this activity because it is relaxing and it gives me time to not think but be in the present moment. I started making 5D diamond paintings like 2 years ago, during the first wave of the pandemic. I found it was a great way to deal with being in lock down.\
\
There are two forms of 5D diamond painting. One form of 5D diamond painting is to do it free style by creating your own colorful designs on a sticky canvas. The second form are paint by number kits, which means the designs are pre-made and it comes with all colors you need. You just have to match the number on the sticky canvas to the corrosponding color. You have s stylus pen that you stick the tip into this pink\
sticky stuff called clay. The clay allows you to pick up these little multi-faceted beads which are called drills. Then the drills are placed on the sticky canvas one by one. A completed project usually takes many hours to complete.\
\
These kits can be found at art stores like https://www.michaels.com/search?q=5d%20diamond%20painting. The kits can also be found at https://www.amazon.com/s?k=5d+diamond+painting+kits+for+adults&i=arts-crafts&crid=3GLA1SCK2HQSB&sprefix=5d+%2Carts-crafts%2C229&ref=nb_sb_ss_ts-doa-p_1_3.\
A beginners tutorial can be found at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBXPVFyXh8w. Some extra tips and tricks can be also be found here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaAfXflhRoI.}